ETC Ecosystem Spotlight: HebeSwap Part I (#1252)
ethereumclassic/ethereumclassic.github.io: content/blog/2023-06-20-etc-ecosystem-spotlight-hebeswap-part-I/index.md

Reviewer: "it is growing organically and is a fundamental piece of infrastructure for the ecosystem"

- This product ran an ICO for 6,000 ETC if I remember correctly. This was not organic growth.

Reviewer: "The HebeBlock team projects that they will be launching a DAO so the community may vote on development, upgrades, and compensation issues.

They estimate that when the token rises in value as the ecosystem grows, that the monthly issuance may be significantly reduced. For this they will have the DAO setup for the community to vote on these issues."
- @DonaldMcIntyre as you know, this isn't good lingo to have around as the SEC is hammering ICO's for being unregistered securities extracting funding from US participants. Especially as CEX's are delisting projects with these liabilities attached to them.

Also on the point of violating regulations and the legal liabilities that follow a project; let's also not forget Hebe's "gateway.hebeswap.com" which was a non-kyc centralized bridge that opened their team up to FinCEN regulation violations. Outside of it being a very dumb idea of taking in stablecoin form the public, buying BUSD on Binance, then calling it USDT on Ethereum Classic's network.

The total supply of the token is 500,000,000 HEBE, of which there are 92,000,000 already issued.

The token is issued at a rate of 1,000,000 per month.
 
## A Future Governance DAO

The HEBE token will be used for governance purposes as well.

The HebeBlock team projects that they will be launching a DAO so the community may vote on development, upgrades, and compensation issues.

They estimate that when the token rises in value as the ecosystem grows, that the monthly issuance may be significantly reduced. For this they will have the DAO setup for the community to vote on these issues.

Owning HEBE tokens gives and will give users other benefits such as staking in liquidity pools (LPs), earning income from dapp fees, and other perks.

## Staking HEBE, ETC, and Other Coins

![Staking on liquidity pools.](./5.png)

As to providing liquidity to the HebeSwap system of ERC-20 token trading pairs, users may purchase HEBE and match it with ETC, USDT, or other tokens to add volume to the corresponding LPs.

They call this “Staking” or “liquidity mining” as an analogy to earning passive income from providing capital in proof of stake chains or from mining ETC.

> The way it works, is that users may deposit cryptocurrencies into the liquidity pools in the proportions of the market price for each pair. Then, when traders pay commissions when they buy and sell these pairs, part of the commissions goes to pay interest to the liquidity providers.

Reviewer 2: Line 79: Remove unneeded comma; Reword for readability
```suggestion
The way it works is that users may deposit cryptocurrencies into the liquidity pools in the proportions of the market price for each pair. Then, when traders pay commissions as they buy and sell these pairs, part of the commissions is paid as interest to the liquidity providers.
```
